so this was the lot of the tribe of the
children of Judah according to their
families the border of Edom at the
wilderness of zin southward was the
extreme southern boundary and their
southern border began at the shore of
the salt sea from the bay that faces
southward then it went out to the
southern side of the ascent of a crabbin
passed along to Zin ascended on the
south side of Kadesh Barnea passed along
to hezron went up to ada and went around
to kakeya from there it passed toward
Osman and went out to the brook of Egypt
and the border ended at the sea this
shall be your southern border the East
border was the salt sea as far as the
mouth of the Jordan and the border on
the northern quarter began at the bay of
the sea at the mouth of the Jordan the
border went up to Beth Hagler and passed
north of beth arabic and the border went
up to the stone of bull han the son of
reuben then the border went up toward
diba from the valley of Achor and it
turned northward toward Gilgal which is
before the ascent of a dummy which is on
the south side of the valley the border
continued toward the waters of n
sheemish and ended at n Rogo and the
border went up by the valley of the son
of Hinnom to the southern slope of the
Jebusite city which is Jerusalem the
border went up to the top of the
mountain that lies before the Valley of
Hinnom westwood which is at the end of
the valley of Rephaim northward
then the border went around from the top
of the hill to the fountain of the water
of Neff Toa and extended to the cities
of Mount Ephraim and the border went
around to Bella which is kiriath jearim
then the border turned westward from
Baylor to Mount Seir passed along the
side of Mount GM on the north which is
Kessel and went down to Beth Shemesh
and passed on to Timna and the border
went out to the side of Ekron Northwood
then the border went around to Chikara
passed along to Ma Baylor and extended
to Jamna and the border ended at the see
the West border was the coastline of the
Great Sea this is the boundary of the
children of Judah all around according
to their families now to Caleb the son
of Jephunneh he gave a share among the
children of Judah according to the
commandment of the Lord to Joshua namely
kideth odda which is Hebron Arbor was
the father of Enoch caleb drove out of
three sons of anak from their sheesh i a
hymen
and tell my the children of Aynak then
he went up from there to the inhabitants
of diba formerly the name of diba was
kideth sefa and Caleb said he you
attacks here Jets Seifer and takes it to
him I will give AXA my daughter as wife
so earth neo the son of kinas the
brother of Caleb took it and he gave him
AXA his daughter as wife now it was so
when she came to him that she persuaded
him to ask her father for a field so she
dismounted from her donkey and Caleb
said to her what do you wish give me a
blessing since you have given me land in
the South give me also Springs of the
water so he gave her the upper springs
and the lower Springs
this was the inheritance of the tribe of
the children of Judah according to their
families the cities at the limits of the
tribe of the children of Judah toward
the border of Edom in the south burke @
ZL e de jeg ER keine died Mona a de de
Kadesh haze or Ethne zip-t l'm
beer laughs haze or her data Kiriath
hezron which is hazel a ma'am
Shima balada hey Sagada hashman Beth
pilot Heiser shul Beersheba his gesture
paella I geum IAM alto lad Kiesel former
Ziklag mad manna Sam sana Libya
she'll him ein and women all the cities
are 29 with their villages in the
lowland Estrella zora asana Samoa and
Ganim tap you inna jonatha
add alum SoCo a Zika sure am a defame
Khedira
and Khedira same 14 cities with their
villages Zenon
Hadassah migdal God Dai liyan Misbah
Chuck Thea lakish Baskov Eglin cabin
lamas kif flesh Khedira 'the earth
diggin naeema and Makeda
16 cities with their villages lib 'no
ether asian Shifta Ashna nesib Kaila
oxid and Marisha nine cities with their
villages akron with its towns and
villages from akron to the sea all that
lay near Ashdod with their villages
ash dad with its towns and villages Gaza
with its towns and villages as far as
the brook of Egypt and the great sea
with its coastline and in the mountain
country
Shaima chatter SoCo Donna Chiara sauna
which is diba Enid ash Timo Aenon Goshen
: and Guyler eleven cities with their
villages Arab Duma Hessian je n'aime
Beth Capua efika Hamza Kiryat Arba which
is Hebron and zyo nine cities were their
villages maeín Carmel zip Jetta Jezreel
Jacques diem xuong Noah cane Gibeah and
Timna ten cities were their villages
hey-ho Beth sir Peter
mayor of methane ahthe and El Tekken 6
cities were their villages Kirchhoff
bail which is kiriath jearim and rabba
two cities with their villages in the
wilderness
Beth Arriba midden Sakaya nipson the
city of salt and Engedi sixth cities
were their villages
as for the Jebusites the inhabitants of
Jerusalem the children of Judah could
not drive them out but the Jebusites
dwell with the children of Judah at
Jerusalem to this day
you